Add meta descriptions to Lisk-SDK, closes #371 (#387)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/lisk-framework/index.adoc

= Lisk Framework Overview
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The Lisk Framework overview provides a high-level overview of the Lisk Framework architecture, its modules and components, how they communicate and how to change the default configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The Lisk Framework overview provides a high-level overview of the Lisk Framework architecture, including it's modules and components, how they communicate and how to change the default configuration.
```
